KEP-4656: Modify KEP based on implemented PR (#4985)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-cluster-lifecycle/kubeadm/4656-add-kubelet-instance-configuration/README.md

For different subcommands, there are the following changes:

> * kubeadm init: If the CRI socket provided in the kubeadm configuration is set, it will take precedence and generate the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` configuration file based on it; if the CRI socket is not specified, the container runtime endpoint will be automatically detected and generate `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* kubeadm init: If the CRI socket provided in the kubeadm configuration is set, it will take precedence and generate the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` configuration file based on it; if the CRI socket is not specified, the container runtime endpoint will be automatically detected and generate the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` file.
```

Author: fixed.

* No longer need to write the `--container-runtime-endpoint` to `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env`.
* No longer need to add the `kubeadm.alpha.kubernetes.io/cri-socket` annotation.

> * If the CRI socket provided in the kubeadm configuration is set, it is used first and the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` configuration file is generated based on it. If the CRI socket is not set, the container runtime endpoint is automatically detected and generate `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the CRI socket provided in the kubeadm configuration is set, it is used first and the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` configuration file is generated based on it. If the CRI socket is not set, the container runtime endpoint is automatically detected and generate the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` file.
```

Author: fixed.

kubeadm join:

* No longer need to add the `kubeadm.alpha.kubernetes.io/cri-socket` annotation.
* If the CRI socket provided in the kubeadm configuration is set, it is used first and the `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` configuration file is generated based on it. If no CRI socket is specified, the socket is automatically detected on the node and `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` is generated based on it.

kubeadm reset:

* There is no need to do anything, according to the existing process, we get CRISocketPath before deleting the /var/lib/kubelet directory, and after deleting the `/var/lib/kubelet` directory, `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` will also be cleaned up.

kubeadm upgrade:

**In the Alpha phase, the feature gate is disabled by default. If feature gate is enabled, the kubeadm subcommands change as follows:** 

> * `kubeadm upgrade node/apply` will check the `--container-runtime-endpoint` args in the `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env` file and generate `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` based on them, and override the `ContainerRuntimeEndpoint` field to `/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml`, and removes the --container-runtime-endpoint parameter in the `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubeadm upgrade node/apply` will check the `--container-runtime-endpoint` flag in the `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env` file and generate `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml` based on it. The flag `--container-runtime-endpoint` will be then removed from `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env` .
```
